Hi everyone, how are you? I'm here today to bring a
video related to chandon and
conditioner for hair that has passed
by a chemical process such as brush
progressive
so if a video is all right, I just want it
explain to you that I really liked it
result of these products is in the
hair and hair really stay
moisturized so the shampoo and
conditioner is for daily use
very good then this line here seduc
john're professional is a line
totally economical the price of it is well
It's handy and 450ml so it lasts
Enough is an anti frizz action shampoo
more unsalted thermal protection
here it says that the intense book contains
Omega 3 plus protein Wheat proteins
with ph 5.0 to 5.5 so we found
totally moisturizing is it acts
even haircut it potentiates the
special silicones
with anti-frizz thermal protection
it's very good
so like that in my hair like I like
straight hair really low
so I used it, right?
there he twice got the hair
totally show had a batch
sticky it does not leave the hair root
so it's worth it and also
in it comes the snow line a conditioner
such
and has anti frizz action thermal protection
under the conditioner is what you have to
put so little then the
half way to the ends only
to hydrate the part that is slightly
more resected help of boards
dryer in my opinion so at the price
cost it is not expensive to have the
size is also a line is facing
for post brushing because it has
so I understand then it's very worth it
so I came to make this video for you
wait for this tip for you guys who like
also the hair is not brushed very well
bright hydrated brush then a
great tip for you is in the box
underneath I'll leave you the link
from the store where I bought it I know this includes
conditioner okay
that's good for you and product tips
for hair thus chemically treated
Okay kisses in the heart, I love you.